 ​
IDEA NOTE 
 
MSFT 
Microsoft Corporation 
TMT, Software 
 
02/27/2026 
 
 
Presented: 02/25/2026​
Price: $400.60  Cap: $2,977B​
Price as of 02/19: $401.72​
Cap: $2,986B 
 
 
 
On February 25th, 2026, we hosted a Software dinner that included bullish commentary on Microsoft 
Corp (MSFT) from an investor, who saw the company as resilient to most bear cases on SaaS as it benefits 
from AI exposure and recurring revenue, both of which could be poised to accelerate going forward.  
 
You can find more detail in the full note -Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Long Idea. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 ​
IDEA NOTE 
 
Important Disclosures 
This summary has been prepared by DeMatteo Research LLC (“DeMatteo” or the “Firm”). The Firm sponsors 
events featuring institutional investors (“Presenters”). The opinions, estimates, projections, and views 
contained in this summary are those of, and exclusively sourced from, the Presenters and may differ from those 
of the Firm. While the Firm attempts to summarize accurately the comments of the Presenters, the summary is 
not endorsed by the Presenters. 
This summary is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to 
subscribe to or purchase or sell any of the products or services mentioned. It is intended for institutional 
investors only and should not be forwarded to third parties. Securities, financial instruments or strategies 
discussed herein may not be suitable for all investors. The opinions and views expressed in this summary do not 
take into account individual client circumstances, objectives, or needs and are not intended as 
recommendations of particular securities, financial instruments, or strategies to particular clients. DeMatteo is 
not, by making this summary available, providing investment, legal, tax, financial, or accounting advice to the 
recipient of this summary or any other party. DeMatteo is not acting as an advisor or fiduciary to any client in 
connection with providing this summary. Past performance is not indicative of future results. This summary has 
been prepared based on information, including market prices, data and other information, obtained from 
sources believed to be reliable; but DeMatteo does not warrant its completeness or accuracy. The Firm makes 
no representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect thereof, and accepts no liability whatsoever for 
any loss arising from any use of or reliance on this summary or its contents. Information, estimates, 
assumptions, and/or opinions expressed herein are made as of the date of the Guest Speaker’s presentation 
and are subject to change without notice. DeMatteo assumes no obligation to maintain or update this summary 
based on subsequent information and events. Further information on any of the securities mentioned in this 
report may be obtained upon request. 
●​
Analysts are compensated through a base salary and an annual bonus. The amount of an analyst’s annual 
bonus is related, among other factors, to the Firm’s overall revenues and profitability, and is not tied to any 
level of investment banking or other similar business in which the Firm engages. Neither the Firm nor any 
affiliate, in the aggregate, beneficially own 1% or more of any class of common equity securities issued by 
any company discussed in the report. 
●​
The Firm, the analyst involved in the preparation of this report, and members of the analyst’s household do 
not have a financial interest in securities of any company discussed in the report. 
●​
As of the end of the month immediately preceding the issuance of this Research Report (or the end of the 
second most recent month if publication date is less than 30 calendar days after the end of the most recent 
month), no analyst involved in the preparation of this report has received compensation from any company 
discussed in this report or knows of any other actual, report conflict of interest regarding this report. 


 ​
IDEA NOTE 
 
●​
Neither the Firm nor any affiliate has received compensation for investment banking services from any 
company discussed in the report in the last twelve (12) months. 
●​
Neither the Firm nor its affiliates expect to receive or intend to seek compensation for investment banking 
services from any company discussed in the report in the next three (3) months. 
●​
No company discussed in the report is, or during the 12-month period preceding the date of distribution of 
the report, was, a client of the Firm. 
●​
No director, officer or employee of the Firm is a director of any company in which the Firm provides 
research coverage. 
●​
No analyst involved in the preparation of this report or any member of the analyst’s household serves as an 
officer, director or advisory board member of any company discussed in the report. 
●​
The Firm does not act as a market maker in the securities of any company discussed in the report. 
●​
Neither the firm nor any of its affiliates managed or co-managed a public offering of the securities for the 
subject company in the past 12 months. 
●​
No analyst received any compensation from the subject company in the previous 12 months. 
REG. AC Certification 
The opinions, views and / or analyses of the companies and / or industries contained in this document generally 
consist of a summary of a presentation made by one or more securities professionals at an event sponsored by 
DeMatteo Research LLC (“DeMatteo”) and are not typically the views or opinions of the individual at 
DeMatteo responsible for the preparation of this document. Where any views or opinions expressed in this 
document are attributed to the individual responsible for the preparation of this document, then such views or 
opinions accurately reflect the personal views of the author of this document regarding the subject securities 
and / or issuers. 
No part of the compensation of the individual responsible for the preparation of this report was, is or will be 
directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this document. 
Copyright ©2024 DeMatteo Research LLC and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 
 
